


1.3  Who is this book for?
==========================



This book is by no means a beginners book, it assumes that you have knowledge of at least one other programming language and that you have experience writing software in that programming language. Because of this fundamentals of programming will not be explained in this book, as an example I expect you to be aware of basic programming language features such as functions, variable and types.


This book will teach you how to develop practical software in the Nim programming language. Useful features which are present in all programming languages such as concurrency, parallelism, user defined types, the standard library and more will be covered. In addition, features which you may not be familiar with but that are offered by Nim such as asynchronous Input/Output, Metaprogramming, the Foreign Function Interface and more will also be covered.





1.4  Summary
============




* Nim is still a very new programming language, it has not yet reached version 1.0.
* Nim has been designed to be efficient, expressive and elegant (in that order).
* Nim is an open source project that is developed entirely by the Nim community of volunteers. Nim was created by Andreas Rumpf in 2005.
* Nim is general purpose and can be used to develop anything from web applications to kernels.
* Nim is a compiled programming language which compiles to C and takes advantage of C’s speed and portability.
* Nim supports multiple programming paradigms including OOP, procedural programming and functional programming.
* Nim has multiple innovative features which make it appealing to enhusiasts, including style insensitivity and metaprogramming.
* Nim is still very new which makes it a bit immature and it’s user base is still quite small.





